# Below is from somewhere on the internet

Honestly, I would start with logic before anything else. I think it would really help to understand the basic forms of argumentation in order to get into other topics and issues in Philosophy. 
Start with formal logic, you’ll learn: 
Arguments 
Premise/Conclusion 
Deduction/Induction 
Validity/Soundness 
Strength/Cogency 
Language 
Propositional Logic 
Truth Tables 
Predicate Logic 
I would also try to learn the rules of inference in symbolic logic, such as: 
Modus Ponens 
Modus Tollens 
Syllogisms (Categorical, Hypothetical, and Disjunctive) 
Rules of Inference 
Conjunction 
Disjunction 
Conditional 
Biconditional 
Learn some fallacies as well. 
Here are some book recommendations: 
Hurley Patrick J. 2012. A Concise Introduction to Logic. Eleventh edition 
Forall x Calgary - An Introduction to Formal Logic 
The Open Logic Text - Open Logic Project 
Logic - A Complete Introduction, by Dr. Siu-Fan Lee 
The Philosophers Toolkit, by Julian Baggini 
Rulebook for Arguments, by Anthony Weston 
Being Logical, by D.Q. McInery 
Directly after this, you can decide if you want to go further into logic. The logic I described is called “classical logic,” and it goes even further than what I mentioned. There’s also non-classical logic, but that is less-applicable, and I don’t think it’s super important to learn. 
After logic, you can decide on what philosophical issues and topics you want to go through. Epistemology, Metaphysics, Ethics, and Ontology are pretty cool. I would recommend these philosophers and their books: 
Aristotle (Metaphysics, Rhetoric, Nichomachean Ethics, On the Soul, The Physics, Poetics, Politics) 
Plato (The Republic, Allegory of the Cave, The Symposium, Timaeus, Phaedrus, Gorgias, Parmenides, Protagoras, Five Dialogues) 
Descartes (Meditations I-VI, Discourse on Method, Passions of the Soul, Treatise of Man) 
David Hume (A Treatise of Human Nature, the Enquiries concerning Human Understanding, the Principles of Morals) 
Ludwig Wittgenstein (On Certainty, Blue and Brown Books, Philosophical Investigations, Tractatus Logica-Philosophicus, Culture and Value) 
Thomas Aquinas (Summa Theologica, The Summa Contra Gentiles, Treatise on Happiness, Treatise on Law, On Being and Essence, On Law, Morality, and Politics) 
Bertrand Russell (Problems of Philosophy, A History of Western Philosophy, Principia Mathematica, The Value of Philosophy) 
Thomas Hobbes (Leviathan, De Corpore) 
Baruch Spinoza (Ethics, The Philosophy of Spinoza, Spinoza’s Religion, The Rationalists, Theologico-Political Treatise) 
Jacques Derrida (Of Grammatology, Archive Fever, Specters or Marx, Glas) 
Karl Marx (The Communist Manifesto, Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844, Capital, Critic of the Political Economy) 
Frederick Nietzsche (God is Dead, Thus Spoke Zarathustra, Beyond Good and Evil, The Antichrist, On the Genealogy of Morality) 
Immanuel Kant (Critique of Pure Reason, Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals, What is Enlightenment? Perpetual Peace, Critique of Judgement, Religion Within the Boundaries of Mere Reason) 
For philosophical issues, these are pretty important as well: 
Gettier Problem 
Problem of Universals 
Mind-body Problem 
Consciousness 
God’s Existence 
Free-will, Determinism, Compatibilism, Libertarianism, Indeterminism 
If you want to start from the very beginning of philosophy, start with Ancient Greek Philosophy, then move towards Medieval Philosophy, and Modern/Contemporary Philosophy. 
Here are some sources: 
https://plato.stanford.edu/ 
https://iep.utm.edu/ 
https://www.rep.routledge.com/ 
https://www.wikipedia.org/ 
https://philpapers.org/ 
https://philosophy.lander.edu/index.html 
https://www.philosophybasics.com/general.html 
https://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Main_Page
